---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powermax_volume data source"
linkTitle: "powermax_volume"
page_title: "powermax_volume Data Source - terraform-provider-powermax"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for reading Volumes in PowerMax array.
---

# powermax_volume (Data Source)

Data source for reading Volumes in PowerMax array.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/
data "powermax_volume" "volume_datasource_test" {
  filter {
    storage_group_name     = "terraform_vol_sg"
    wwn                    = "wwn_num"
    encapsulated_wwn       = "encapsulated_wwn_num"
    symmlun                = "symmlun"
    status                 = "Ready"
    physical_name          = "physical_name"
    volume_identifier      = "test_acc_create_volume"
    cap_tb                 = "0"
    cap_gb                 = "0"
    cap_mb                 = "0"
    cap_cyl                = "0"
    allocated_percent      = "0"
    num_of_storage_groups  = "1"
    num_of_masking_views   = "0"
    num_of_front_end_paths = "0"
    mobility_id_enabled    = false
    virtual_volumes        = true
    private_volumes        = false
    tdev                   = true
    vdev                   = false
    available_thin_volumes = false
    gatekeeper             = false
    data_volume            = false
    dld                    = false
    drv                    = false
    encapsulated           = false
    associated             = false
    reserved               = false
    pinned                 = false
    mapped                 = false
    bound_tdev             = true
    emulation              = "FBA"
    has_effective_wwn      = false
    effective_wwn          = "effective_wwn"
    split_name             = "split_name"
    type                   = "TDEV"
    unreducible_data_gb    = "0"
    cu_image_num           = "0"
    cu_image_ssid          = "cu_image_ssid"
    rdf_group_number       = "0"
    oracle_instance_name   = "oracle_instance_name"
    nguid                  = "nguid"
  }
}

output "volume_datasource_output" {
  value = data.powermax_volume.volume_datasource_test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder for acc testing
- `volumes` (Attributes List) List of volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `allocated_percent` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the allocated percent.
- `associated` (Boolean) Volumes that are associated (true/false).
- `available_thin_volumes` (Boolean) Volumes that are available thin volumes (true/false).
- `bound_tdev` (Boolean) Volumes that are bound tdev (true/false).
- `cap_cyl` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the cap CYL.
- `cap_gb` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the cap gb.
- `cap_mb` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the cap mb.
- `cap_tb` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the cap tb.
- `cu_image_num` (String) Volumes that are mapped to a CU image with the specified CU image number.
- `cu_image_ssid` (String) Volumes that are mapped to a CU image with the specified CU SSID.
- `data_volume` (Boolean) Volumes that are data volume (true/false).
- `dld` (Boolean) Volumes that are dld (true/false).
- `drv` (Boolean) Volumes that are drv (true/false).
- `effective_wwn` (String) Volumes that contain the specified effective_wwn.
- `emulation` (String) Volumes that are of the specified emulation.
- `encapsulated` (Boolean) Volumes that are encapsulated (true/false).
- `encapsulated_wwn` (String) The specified volume encapsulated_wwn.
- `gatekeeper` (Boolean) Volumes that are gatekeeper (true/false).
- `has_effective_wwn` (Boolean) Volumes that have effective wwns (true/false)
- `mapped` (Boolean) Volumes that are mapped (true/false).
- `mobility_id_enabled` (Boolean) Volumes that are mobility ID enabled (true/false).
- `nguid` (String) Volumes that correspond to Namespace Globally Unique Identifier that uses the EUI64 16-byte designator format.
- `num_of_front_end_paths` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the number of front end paths.
- `num_of_masking_views` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the number of masking views.
- `num_of_storage_groups` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the number of storage groups.
- `oracle_instance_name` (String) Volumes that contain the specified Oracle Instance Name.
- `physical_name` (String) The specified volume physical name.
- `pinned` (Boolean) Volumes that are pinned (true/false).
- `private_volumes` (Boolean) Volumes that are private (true/false).
- `rdf_group_number` (String) Volumes that are part of the specified rdf group.
- `reserved` (Boolean) Volumes that are reserved (true/false).
- `split_name` (String) Volumes that are mapped to CU images associated to the specified FICON split.
- `status` (String) The specified volume status.
- `storage_group_name` (String) The name of the storage group.
- `symmlun` (String) Greater than, Less than or equal to the specified symmlun.
- `tdev` (Boolean) Volumes that are tdev (true/false).
- `thin_bcv` (Boolean) Volumes that are thin bcv (true/false).
- `type` (String) Volumes that contain the specified volume type.
- `unreducible_data_gb` (String) Greater than,Less than or equal to the unreducible data gb.
- `vdev` (Boolean) Volumes that are vdev (true/false).
- `virtual_volumes` (Boolean) Volumes that are virtual volumes (true/false).
- `volume_identifier` (String) The specified volume volume identifier.
- `wwn` (String) The specified volume wwn.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Optional:

- `mobility_id_enabled` (Boolean) States whether mobility ID is enabled on the volume.
- `volume_identifier` (String) The identifier of the volume.

Read-Only:

- `allocated_percent` (Number) The allocated percentage of the volume.
- `cap_cyl` (Number) The capability of volume in the unit of CYL.
- `cap_gb` (Number) The capability of volume in the unit of GB.
- `cap_mb` (Number) The capability of volume in the unit of MB.
- `effective_wwn` (String) Effective WWN of the volume.
- `emulation` (String) The emulation of the volume Enumeration values.
- `encapsulated` (Boolean) States whether the volume is encapsulated.
- `encapsulated_wwn` (String) Encapsulated  WWN of the volume.
- `has_effective_wwn` (Boolean) States whether volume has effective WWN.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `nguid` (String) The NGUID of the volume.
- `num_of_front_end_paths` (Number) The number of front end paths of the volume.
- `num_of_storage_groups` (Number) The number of storage groups associated with the volume.
- `oracle_instance_name` (String) Oracle instance name associated with the volume.
- `physical_name` (String) The physical name of the volume.
- `pinned` (Boolean) States whether the volume is pinned.
- `rdf_group_ids` (Attributes List) The RDF groups associated with the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--rdf_group_ids))
- `reserved` (Boolean) States whether the volume is reserved.
- `snapvx_source` (Boolean) States whether the volume is a snapvx source.
- `snapvx_target` (Boolean) States whether the volume is a snapvx target.
- `ssid` (String) The ssid of the volume.
- `status` (String) The status of the volume.
- `storage_groups` (Attributes List) List of storage groups which are associated with the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--storage_groups))
- `symmetrix_port_key` (Attributes List) The symmetrix ports associated with the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes--symmetrix_port_key))
- `type` (String) The type of the volume.
- `unreducible_data_gb` (Number) The amount of unreducible data in Gb.
- `wwn` (String) The WWN of the volume.

<a id="nestedatt--volumes--rdf_group_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.rdf_group_ids`

Read-Only:

- `label` (String) The label of the rdf group.
- `rdf_group_number` (Number) The number of rdf group.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--storage_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.storage_groups`

Read-Only:

- `parent_storage_group_name` (String) The ID of the storage group parents.
- `storage_group_name` (String) The ID of the storage group.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes--symmetrix_port_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes.symmetrix_port_key`

Read-Only:

- `director_id` (String) The ID of the director.
- `port_id` (String) The ID of the symmetrix port.