---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powermax_storage_group Resource - terraform-provider-powermax"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing StorageGroups in PowerMax array. Updates are supported for the following parameters: name, srp, enable_compression, service_level, host_io_limits, volume_ids, snapshot_policies.
---

# powermax_storage_group (Resource)

Resource for managing StorageGroups in PowerMax array. Updates are supported for the following parameters: `name`, `srp`, `enable_compression`, `service_level`, `host_io_limits`, `volume_ids`, `snapshot_policies`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "powermax_storage_group" "storage_group_1" {
	name = "sg-1"
	srpid = "SRP_1"
	service_level = "Diamond"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the storage group.
- `service_level` (String) The service level associated with the storage group. It can be one of Optimized, Diamond, Platinum, Gold, Bronze, Silver or None.
- `srpid` (String) The ID of the SRP associated with the storage group.

### Optional

- `enable_compression` (Boolean) Enable compression on the storage group. By default, value is set to true.
- `host_io_limits` (Map of String) The host Limits for the storageGroup. Currently the supported host limit parameters are ['host_io_limit_mb_sec','host_io_limit_io_sec','dynamicdistribution'].
- `snapshot_policies` (List of Object) The snapshot policies to be associated with the storageGroup. The 'is_active' field in the nested schema indicates whether the snapshot policy is in resumed/suspended state (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_policies))
- `volume_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the volume associated with the storage group. Only pre-existing volumes are considered here.

### Read-Only

- `cap_gb` (Number) The capacity of the storage group in GB.
- `compression_ratio` (String) Compression ratio of the storage group.
- `compression_ratio_to_one` (Number) Compression ratio numeric value of the storage group.
- `device_emulation` (String) The emulation of the volumes in the storage group.
- `id` (String) The ID of the storage group.
- `maskingview` (List of String) The masking views associated with the storage group.
- `numofchildsgs` (Number) The number of child storage groups associated with the storage group.
- `numofmaskingviews` (Number) The number of masking views associated with the storage group.
- `numofparentsgs` (Number) The number of parent storage groups associated with the storage group.
- `numofsnapshots` (Number) The number of snapshots associated with the storage group.
- `numofvols` (Number) The number of volumes associated with the storage group.
- `slo_compliance` (String) The service level compliance status of the storage group.
- `type` (String) The storage group type.
- `unprotected` (Boolean) This flag states whether the storage group is protected.
- `unreducible_data_gb` (Number) The amount of unreducible data in GB.
- `uuid` (String) Storage Group UUID.
- `vp_saved_percent` (Number) VP saved percentage figure.
- `workload` (String) The workload associated with the storage group.

<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_policies`

Optional:

- `is_active` (Boolean)
- `policy_name` (String)


