---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "powermax_volume Resource - terraform-provider-powermax"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage Volumes in PowerMax Array.
---

# powermax_volume (Resource)

Resource to manage Volumes in PowerMax Array.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "powermax_volume" "volume_1" {
	name = "volume-1"
	size = 1
	cap_unit = "GB"
	sg_name = "StorageGroup-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume.

### Optional

- `cap_unit` (String) Volume capacity unit.
- `enable_mobility_id` (Boolean) States whether mobility ID is enabled on the volume.
- `sg_name` (String) The name of the storage group. sg_name is required while creating the volume.

### Read-Only

- `allocated_percent` (Number) The allocated percentage of the volume.
- `effective_wwn` (String) Effective WWN of the volume.
- `emulation` (String) The emulation of the volume Enumeration values.
- `encapsulated` (Boolean) States whether the volume is encapsulated.
- `encapsulated_wwn` (String) Encapsulated  WWN of the volume.
- `has_effective_wwn` (Boolean) States whether volume has effective WWN.
- `id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `nguid` (String) The NGUID of the volume.
- `num_of_front_end_paths` (Number) The number of front end paths of the volume.
- `num_of_storage_groups` (Number) The number of storage groups associated with the volume.
- `oracle_instance_name` (String) Oracle instance name associated with the volume.
- `pinned` (Boolean) States whether the volume is pinned.
- `rdf_group_ids` (List of Object) The RDF groups associated with the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rdf_group_ids))
- `reserved` (Boolean) States whether the volume is reserved.
- `snap_source` (Boolean) States whether the volume is a snapvx source.
- `snap_target` (Boolean) States whether the volume is a snapvx target.
- `ssid` (String) The ssid of the volume.
- `status` (String) The status of the volume.
- `storagegroup_ids` (List of String) List of storage groups which are associated with the volume.
- `symmetrix_port_keys` (List of Object) The symmetrix ports associated with the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--symmetrix_port_keys))
- `type` (String) The type of the volume.
- `unreducible_data_gb` (Number) The amount of unreducible data in Gb.
- `wwn` (String) The WWN of the volume.

<a id="nestedatt--rdf_group_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rdf_group_ids`

Read-Only:

- `label` (String)
- `rdf_group_number` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--symmetrix_port_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `symmetrix_port_keys`

Read-Only:

- `director_id` (String)
- `port_id` (String)


